Modern Web Apps eBook: Adding SEO and add'l guidance (#34267)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/choose-between-traditional-web-and-single-page-apps.md

| Minimal Client-Side Application Behavior             | **Well-Suited**         | **Overkill**                | **Viable**      |
| Rich, Complex User Interface Requirements            | **Limited**             | **Well-Suited**             | **Well-Suited** |

## Other considerations

> Traditional Web Apps tend to be simpler and have better Search Engine Optimization criteria than SPA apps. Search engine bots can easily consume content from traditional apps, while support for indexing SPAs may be lacking or limited. If your application benefits from public discovery by search engines, this is often an important consideration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traditional Web Apps tend to be simpler and have better Search Engine Optimization (SEO) criteria than SPA apps. Search engine bots can easily consume content from traditional apps, while support for indexing SPAs may be lacking or limited. If your app benefits from public discovery by search engines, this is often an important consideration.
```
